add: expose status byte in public API (#1032)
nRF24/RF24: docs/main_page.md

[the library's release page](http://github.com/nRF24/RF24/releases) for a list of
changes.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> There's going to be major changes in v2.0.

> > As of v1.5, there is [newer API](migration.md) that should be preferred over

Author: ```suggestion
> As of v1.5, there is [newer API](migration.md) that should be used instead of
```
